LoRa packet catcher
===================

1. Introduction
----------------

This software is used to set up a LoRa concentrator using a JSON configuration
file and then print the packets int the terminal output
No filtering is done and all packets that are LoRa packets with the correct RF
parameters (frequency, datarate, bandwidth) should appear in the output.

2. Dependencies
----------------

This program uses the Parson library (http://kgabis.github.com/parson/) by
Krzysztof Gabis for JSON parsing.
Many thanks to him for that very practical and well written library.

This program is a typical example of LoRa concentrator HAL usage for receiving
packets.

Only high-level functions are used (the ones contained in loragw_hal) so there
is no hardware dependencies assuming the HAL is matched with the proper version
of the hardware.
Data structures of the received packets are accessed by name (ie. not at a
binary level) so new functionalities can be added to the API without affecting
that program at all.

It was tested with v1.3.0 of the libloragw library, and should be compatible
with any later version of the library assuming the API is downward-compatible.

3. Usage
---------

To stop the application, press Ctrl+C.

The way the program takes configuration files into account is the following:
 * if there is a debug_conf.json parse it, others are ignored
 * if there is a global_conf.json parse it and look for the next file
 * if there is a local_conf.json parse it
If some parameters are defined in both global and local configuration files, the
local definition overwrites the global definition.

The global configuration file should be exactly the same throughout your
network, contain all global parameters (parameters for "sensor" radio channels)
and preferably default "safe" values for parameters that are specific for each
gateway (eg. specify a default MAC address).

If you have build the libloragw library for a specific radio band (eg. ETSI
868 MHz band) a ready-to-use global_conf.json file is generated by the Makefile
with a set of channels typical for a 'LoRa MAC' network application.
If you don't specify a radio band, an empty global_conf.json is generated and
must be filled with the settings you need.

The local configuration file should contain parameters that are specific to each
gateway (eg. MAC address, frequency for backhaul radio channels).

In each configuration file, the program looks for a JSON object named
"SX1301_conf" that should contain the parameters for the LoRa concentrator board
(RF channels definition, modem parameters, etc) and another JSON object called
"gateway_conf" that should contain the gateway parameters (gateway MAC address,
IP address of the LoRa MAC controller, network authentication parameters, etc).

To learn more about the JSON configuration format, read the provided JSON files
and the API documentation. A dedicated document will be available later on.

4. License for Parson library
------------------------------

Parson ( http://kgabis.github.com/parson/ )
Copyright (c) 2012 Krzysztof Gabis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

*EOF*
